# Quiz-game-UDP-model
In UDP, the client does not form a connection with the server like in TCP and instead just sends a datagram. Similarly, the server need not accept a connection and just waits for datagrams to arrive. Datagrams upon arrival contain the address of sender which the server uses to send data to the correct client.
 
The main job was to create a quiz system between a client and server .This is typical system of interview system between a candidate and interviewer which is evident in any professional selection methods for the client to be hired or selected by the interviewer based on his test score . Normally any quiz system consists of multiple choice questions with four options provided and the correct answer selected will be awarded 1 marks  for each question .
There can be multiple questions (questions more than 20 ) which may be asked by the interviewer for selection , but in this project we have demonstrated how the quiz system works by  testing the candidate with only 5 questions. 
The model used is UPD model between client and server .Like above said , the client has 5 questions to attend  and he/she is provided 4 options to choose ,he is asked a question one at a time. Once he  has selected the answer , he will be navigated to next question to choose till 5 questions are completed . After that he will be awarded the marks by the server . This is done by storing all the options which is selected by the client in an array by taking user input using scanf() function  and then sending the base address of array in the sendto() function of the code after socket created and without connection being established with the server (unlike TCP model) in UDP model.
The array is retrieved in server part of code with the help of recvfrom() method available in UDP model. This array fetches the base address of the array pointer and points to the options selected by the client . Then the array is checked with each index of the options selected by the client with the correct options until all 5 questions . With each correct matching the counter sum is incremented to 1 .  By this the sum variable computes the test score of that particular client who has selected the options. And then this score is resent back to client through the use of same sendto() function in server which was used in client . The client then receives the score in an array with the help of recvfrom() function and then the score is printed. 
